Add resume selection documentation for student hiring (#241)
pulibrary/pul-it-handbook: student-software-developers/administration-handbook/resume-selection.md

# Resume Selection
We may have a large number of applicants for the positions. The initial screen of resumes can be very time intensive, so we want to make the resume review process efficient.  

If possible the two roles should be spearat folks.

## Roles
 * Resume Acceptor
 * Resume Reviwer

### Resume Acceptor
The Resume Acceptor is the person that gathers resumes from the students.  
The resume acceptor: 
   1. Has thier email on the job posting
   1. Reaches out to the student if the information is not complete.
   1. Redacts Personal Names and Buisness Names from the Resume and cover letters
   1. Stores the information under the student netid on a google drive accessible to the committee

>    1. Creates and maintains a spreadheet that has the netid, a link to the content and a slot for two reviewers

Author: ```suggestion
   1. Creates and maintains a spreadsheet that has the netid, a link to the content and a slot for two reviewers  [see template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rw_kw7psuiWlvJtjbfwyXjWxPsyfNCqSIWafj4Gm5YE/edit#gid=0) 
```
